Created pull request template (#2877)
epam/ketcher: .github/pull_request_template.md

> ## How the feature works? / How did you fix the issue?
> 
> 
> ## Screenshots, video, GIF if applicable

Reviewer: Good job on mentioning screenshots, videos, and GIFs! However, usually, stuff like screenshots is mixed  in the answer to _How the feature works_, so I'd suggest merging the two titles into one:
```suggestion
## How does the feature work? / How did you fix the issue?
(Screenshots, videos, or GIFs, if applicable)
```

## Check list
- [ ] – unit-tests written
- [ ] - e2e-tests written
- [ ] - documentation updated

> - [ ] – PR name follows the pattern '#1234 – issue name'

Reviewer: #1234 refers to an actual PR , and the preview is like:
![image](https://github.com/epam/ketcher/assets/27288153/fdc5d0a2-266c-4b60-ab5a-d0411abaf103) 
So maybe we can format it as code:
```suggestion
- [ ] PR name follows the pattern `#1234 – issue name`
```
